ever miss it I haven't touched a gun in
10 years after what happened that night
I just put my sword down you know
without that bad luck you're gonna be
okay
I never would have met Sara I never
would have my kids Danny loves sue me
dad loves it I love it you better mr.
Sawyer who are the very first family
we've had in the residential section of
the pole after you secured the
assessment what you think of the
building the Pearl is the most advanced
super tall structure in the world it's a
breathtaking achievement but no one
really knows what would happen if things
go wrong hello boys
I did burn the 96 floors on fire
Sarah listen to me the fire is not gonna
stop keep going up don't stop don't look
back get back
whoa whoa whoa oh you don't understand
my family's in there
okay know what doubt that was tough
jumped off a supercrime just amanda was
looking for this building it's
protecting something that I want
you're going to get it for me anything
can be done at the proper motivation No
[Music]
we got to do this guy
it's okay to be scared
in order to be brave you gotta be a
little scared
I gotta gets out of this building and I
need you to be brave right now okay yeah
dad loves it
[Music]